we are going to prepare puff pastry cakes
stuffed with meat the ingredients that
we need are for four people a
Puff pastry sheet also bought
would serve as a broken dough salad
remains of roast or stew of any
class roast sauce or stew or tomato
bechamel what we want an egg and
grated cheese to taste and we're going to
start stretching in our sheet of
puff pastry
and with a cortapastas or ring of plating
big let's go cutting four
portions because we know that this is the
measure that covers our mold well
cupcake that we are going to use to
then then we have taken a step
that has a diameter a little bit
lower
to the previous one and with this we are going to cut
four other circles because it's going to
serve as a cover
with a sheet of puff pastry should we
give for the eight circulitos sorry
once we have them
if we see that it does not give us the measure
exactly for our molds of
Magdalena we stretch a bit
and now we are going to adapt that in
this case we have used silicone molds
but you can use the molds that you want
let's go adapting the big circle
and once we have the four circles
put the meat we have cut it with the
Scissors help in pieces
little ones
Fill the mold halfway through
meat we cover well with cheese
and we take a couple of tablespoons of sauce
now we are going to put what comes to
be the cover
and with a lot of sense and a lot of affection
to go joining the edges to pinches
once we have it we are going to cut
cross shaped by the center
so that the vapors go out in the
cooking and do not exploit our
meat cupcake
and when we already have the four trained
we paint them with egg and with the oven
hot at 200 degrees we will place it
in the lower part of the oven so that
the puff will dry well also by
down and we will have around
about 30 or 40 minutes
Once ready, we take them out and
we serve with the garnish that most
like in our case a gratin of
fine potatoes that you have in another
video in the information box or in a
link on the screen and ready we have
our puff pastry cakes filled
of meat that as you see more than one
strict recipe is an idea so that
you may take advantage of this holiday season's
remains of roast meat or stew that
they sobren if it is that you have left and nothing more
we will recommend them as
always because they are delicious